README.md, before:

# story-comprehension-neural-network

#### An approach to solve the Sentence-Cloze-Task

A four-sentence short story and two alternatives for the last, fifth sentence that ends the story are given.
The system needs to decide which of the two is correct. The training data consists of five-sentence short stories that
include the correct ending but there is no incorrect ending given.

#### Data
- The original paper about the Story Cloze task is available at [0]
- The training set is available at [1]
- The validation set of the original task is available at [2]
- The testing set generated by ETH 2018 is available at [6]


Prerequisites:

Our approach uses Skip Thought Model code [3] to embed the sentences into vectors.
The generated vectors for:
 - the training dataset [1] can be found at [4].
 - the validation dataset [2] can be found at [5].
 - the testing dataset [6] can be found at [7].

If one wants to generate Skip Thought Embeddings for a new dataset, one should pursue the following steps:

#clone the Skip Thought project and install the prerequisites
git clone https://github.com/ryankiros/skip-thoughts.git
cd skip-thoughts
mkdir models
cd models
wget http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rkiros/models/dictionary.txt
wget http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rkiros/models/utable.npy
wget http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rkiros/models/btable.npy
wget http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rkiros/models/uni_skip.npz
wget http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rkiros/models/uni_skip.npz.pkl
wget http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rkiros/models/bi_skip.npz
wget http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rkiros/models/bi_skip.npz.pkl

pip2 install -r requirements_python2.txt

# modify skip-thoughts/skipthoughts.py at line 23 and 24 with the path to the models downloaded
# modify story-comprehension-neural-network/generate_skip_thought_embeddings.py at line 106 with the appropriate paths
python2 -c "import nltk; nltk.download('punkt')"
python2 generate_skip_thought_embeddings.py




[0]  https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.01696 <br/>
[1]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/l2wM4RIyI3pD7Tl/download <br/>
[2]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/02IVLdBAgVcsJAx/download <br/>
[3]  https://github.com/ryankiros/skip-thoughts <br/>
[4]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/I8S0FAbENSKsgtB
[5]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/helYFHS8criZp7z
[6]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/AKbA8g7SeHwjU0R
[7]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/XfeWseNSZcndP4a

Commit message:

Generate scripts to install all the requirements for skip-thought project

README.md, after:

# story-comprehension-neural-network

#### An approach to solve the Sentence-Cloze-Task

A four-sentence short story and two alternatives for the last, fifth sentence that ends the story are given.
The system needs to decide which of the two is correct. The training data consists of five-sentence short stories that
include the correct ending but there is no incorrect ending given.

#### Data
- The original paper about the Story Cloze task is available at [0]
- The training set is available at [1]
- The validation set of the original task is available at [2]
- The testing set generated by ETH 2018 is available at [6]


Prerequisites:

Our approach uses Skip Thought Model code [3] to embed the sentences into vectors.
The generated vectors for:
 - the training dataset [1] can be found at [4].
 - the validation dataset [2] can be found at [5].
 - the testing dataset [6] can be found at [7].

If one wants to generate Skip Thought Embeddings for a new dataset, one should pursue the following steps:

Run the following commands in terminal:
./story-comprehension-neural-network/script_install_skip_thought_dependencies.sh
pip2 install -r story-comprehension-neural-network/requirements_python2.txt

- modify story-comprehension-neural-network/skip-thoughts/skipthoughts.py at line 23 and 24 with the path to the models downloaded
eg. absolute path of the story-comprehension-neural-network/skip-thoughts/models/
- modify story-comprehension-neural-network/generate_skip_thought_embeddings.py at line 106 with the appropriate paths
to the new dataset and the directories that will store the generated embeddings

Run the following commands in terminal:
python2 -c "import nltk; nltk.download('punkt')"
python2 generate_skip_thought_embeddings.py




[0]  https://arxiv.org/abs/1604.01696 <br/>
[1]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/l2wM4RIyI3pD7Tl/download <br/>
[2]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/02IVLdBAgVcsJAx/download <br/>
[3]  https://github.com/ryankiros/skip-thoughts <br/>
[4]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/I8S0FAbENSKsgtB
[5]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/helYFHS8criZp7z
[6]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/AKbA8g7SeHwjU0R
[7]  https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/XfeWseNSZcndP4a
